[Fix]Guest Authentication Flow (#2574)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix an issues which was causing the app to terminate when using a filter with the `in` operator and `cid` values [#2561](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2561)
- Fix unexpected 401s produced at launch while the chat is not yet fully connected [#2559](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2559)
- Fix crash when getting unread count in an invalid state [#2570](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2570)

> - Fix an issue which was blocking a Guest Authentication operation to retrieve a connection token [#2574](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2574)

Reviewer: In the changelog, we should focus on what is the impact of the customer, and not in the underlying implementation 👍 Here is a suggestion to improve it:
```suggestion
- Fix an issue where connecting a guest user would never call the completion block [#2574](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2574)
```
